Adding dependency and supported RV architecture (#163)
riscv/riscv-p-spec: P-ext-proposal.adoc

of the RISC-V P instruction set extension, the RISC-V CPUs can now run
these various DSP applications with lower power and higher performance.

== P extension for Packed Single Instruction Multiple Data, version 0.12

The P extension depends on Zba and Zbb extensions.

> The P extension isdefined for RV32 (RV32E?) and RV64.

Author: ```suggestion
The P extension is defined for RV32 (RV32E?) and RV64.
```
